[PC-1762] Opta Digital Expansion Update (#2038)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/07.opta/opta-family/opta/tutorials/01.user-manual/content.md

## Opta Expansions

> | Characteristics         | Details                                                                                               |
> | ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | Supply Voltage          | 12...24 V                                                                                             |
> | Antipolarity protection | Yes                                                                                                   |
> | Overvoltage protection  | Yes (+20%)                                                                                            |
> | Inputs                  | 16x Digital (0-24 V) / Analog (0-10 V or 0-24 V) inputs                                                         |
> | Outputs                 | AFX00005: 8x Electromechanical Relays (250 VAC - 6 A), AFX00006: 8x Solid State Relays (24 VDC - 2 A) |
> | Degree of Protection    | IP20                                                                                                  |
> | Certifications          | FCC, CE, UKCA                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Characteristics                     | Details                                                                                               |
|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Supply Voltage                      | 12...24 V                                                                                             |
| Antipolarity protection             | Yes                                                                                                   |
| Overvoltage protection              | Yes (+20%)                                                                                            |
| Maximum Supported Expansion Modules | Up to 5                                                                                               |
| Inputs                              | 16x Digital (0-24 V) / Analog (0-10 V or 0-24 V) inputs                                               |
| Outputs                             | AFX00005: 8x Electromechanical Relays (250 VAC - 6 A), AFX00006: 8x Solid State Relays (24 VDC - 3 A) |
| Degree of Protection                | IP20                                                                                                  |
| Certifications                      | FCC, CE, UKCA                                                                                         |
```
